rename `get_point_coordinates` to `get_parameters` (#371)
JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/features/atlases.md

# [Atlases and charts](@id atlases_and_charts)

Atlases on an ``n``-dimensional manifold $\mathcal M$ are collections of charts ``\mathcal A = \{(U_i, \varphi_i) \colon i \in I\}``, where ``I`` is a (finite or infinte) index family, such that ``U_i \subseteq \mathcal M`` is an open set and each chart ``\varphi_i: U_i \to \mathbb{R}^n`` is a homeomorphism. This means, that ``\varphi_i`` is bijecive – sometimes also called one-to-one and onto - and continuous, and its inverse ``\varphi_i^{-1}`` is continuous as well.
The inverse ``\varphi_i^{-1}`` is called (local) parametrization.
For an atlas ``\mathcal A`` we further require that

```math
\displaystyle\bigcup_{i\in I} U_i = \mathcal M.
```

> We say ``\varphi_i`` is a chart about ``p``, if ``p\in U_i``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We say that ``\varphi_i`` is a chart about ``p``, if ``p\in U_i``.
```

An atlas provides a connection between a manifold and the Euclidean space ``\mathbb{R}^n``, since

> locally, a chart about ``p`` can be used to identify its neighborhood (as long as you sta in ``U_i``) “looks like” the Euclidean space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
locally, a chart about ``p`` can be used to identify its neighborhood (as long as you stay in ``U_i``) with a subset of a Euclidean space.
```
Feel free to rephrase it, I just didn't like the original version.

Author: Your suggestion is fine, my text was too informal, I agree.

> Most manifolds we consider are smooth, i.e. any change of charts ``\varphi_i\circ\varphi_j^{-1}: \mathbb{R}^n\to\mathbb{R}^n``, ``i,j\in I``, is a smooth function. These change of charts are also called transition maps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most manifolds we consider are smooth, i.e. any change of charts ``\varphi_i\circ\varphi_j^{-1}: \mathbb{R}^n\to\mathbb{R}^n``, where ``i,j\in I``, is a smooth function. These changes of charts are also called transition maps.
```

Most operations on manifolds in `Manifolds.jl` avoid operating in a chart through appropriate embeddings and formulas derived for particular manifolds, though atlases provide the most general way of working with manifolds.

> Compared to these approaches, using an atlas ist often more technical and time-consuming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to these approaches, using an atlas is often more technical and time-consuming.
```

They are extensively used in metric-related functions on [`MetricManifold`](@ref Main.Manifolds.MetricManifold)s.

Atlases are represented by objects of subtypes of [`AbstractAtlas`](@ref Main.Manifolds.AbstractAtlas).
There are no type restrictions for indices of charts in atlases.

Operations using atlases and charts are available through the following functions:

> * [`get_chart_index`](@ref Main.Manifolds.get_chart_index) can be used to select an appropriate chart for the neighborhood of a given point ``p``. This function shoudl work deterministic, i.e. for a fixed ``p`` always return the same chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`get_chart_index`](@ref Main.Manifolds.get_chart_index) can be used to select an appropriate chart for the neighborhood of a given point ``p``. This function should work deterministically, i.e. for a fixed ``p`` always return the same chart.
```

> * [`get_parameters`](@ref Main.Manifolds.get_parameters) converts a point to its local coordinates, also called parameters with respect to the chart in a chart.

Reviewer: Should we keep using both words (coordinates and parameters) to refer to parameters in a chart? I'd prefer sticking with one term, i.e.  "parameters". If you want to mention coordinates here, could you phrase it more like 'some authors refer to parameters as "local coordinates"' ?

Author: Currently I used parameters (and local coordinates in brackets), but maybe we should only do that here and just once in the function docs. So sure, we can do as you propose.

In general, when writing this, I felt quite good with the clear distinction parameters vs coordinates, especially in the RetractionAtlas docs.

* [`get_point`](@ref Main.Manifolds.get_point) converts parameters (local coordinates) in a chart to the point that corresponds to them.

> * [`induced_basis`](@ref Main.Manifolds.induced_basis) returns a basis of a given vector space at a point induced by a chart ``\varphi``, by taking the derivative of the coordinate functions ``\varphi^k``, ``k=1,\ldots,n``.

Reviewer: What do you think about phrasing a bit more formally? Wikipedia defines it nicely for tangent spaces: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tangent_space#Definition_via_tangent_curves , and "taking the derivative of the coordinate functions" can be a bit confusing.

Author: Sure, I wasn't sure how much to go into detail, especially since one has to also mention the equivalence of curves and such.

Author: I would maybe remove this one, since it only is an overview.

# [Atlases and charts](@id atlases_and_charts)

Atlases on an ``n``-dimensional manifold $\mathcal M$ are collections of charts ``\mathcal A = \{(U_i, φ_i) \colon i \in I\}``, where ``I`` is a (finite or infinte) index family, such that ``U_i \subseteq \mathcal M`` is an open set and each chart ``φ_i: U_i \to \mathbb{R}^n`` is a homeomorphism. This means, that ``φ_i`` is bijecive – sometimes also called one-to-one and onto - and continuous, and its inverse ``φ_i^{-1}`` is continuous as well.
The inverse ``φ_i^{-1}`` is called (local) parametrization.

> The resulting _parameters_ ``a=φ(p)`` of ``p`` (with respect to the chart ``φ`` are in the literature also called “(local) coordinates”. To distinguish the parameter ``a`` from  [`get_coordinates`](@ref) in a basis, we use the terminology parameter in this package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting _parameters_ ``a=φ(p)`` of ``p`` (with respect to the chart ``φ``) are in the literature also called “(local) coordinates”. To distinguish the parameter ``a`` from  [`get_coordinates`](@ref) in a basis, we use the terminology parameter in this package.
```
